---
layout: post
title: My third week at encora Apprenticeship
---
This third week, despite being heavily loaded, it was pretty interesting and entertaining. Week by week encora never ceases to amaze me, this week classes were focused on communication all around encora environment. In the practical part, all of us in the apprenticeship team got to work in solving different coding exercises and write a technical log for each one of them.  
The amazing part of the communication classes was that encora really values communication as an important tool for a team to work correctly. I share this kind of philosophy because I can fulfill my knowledge on any topic just by asking the right person, and I believe that in encora there are a lot of “right” persons. This kind of knowledge exchange couldn't be achievable if communication is enforced as a tool or value in the team. It is also important to have constant communication with clients since they must know the process, we are currently going through to develop their solution. 
While working as a team in solving the leet code problems, I realized the strengths some of our team members have. As an example, I can say that each of our team members have a programming language where they feel the most confident with, each one of them can come up with an algorithm using different data structures, etc.  
During this third week, I also finished the Cinema Room project using java in the hyperskill platform, initially I started another project with a similar name but a length duration of almost three times the Cinema Room project. I realized I was doing the wrong project after talking with the other team members since a couple of them had already finished it and I was amazed of how fast they finished it. After some aclarations, I was indeed doing the wrong project. 
To sum up, this week was a very good example of how important communication is in a team, and how this helps us grow together. I also want to add that I feel really excited about getting to know everyone on the newbie Friday activity, because we came up with some interesting games. 
